---
title: DRAGON
date: 2024-12-09
categories: ['CORE']
draft: false
---

​	From a very young age, I loved adventure. I enjoyed climbing the mountain behind my house. I would go downstairs, turn right, pass through a small wooden gate, cross a little concrete bridge, and arrive at my territory. I would pick up a suitable stick from the roadside and set out from the cave at the foot of the mountain, embarking on a dragon-slaying adventure. As I weaved through the cave, I found the bottom filled with trash discarded by others—junk food, plastic bags, even syringes. I climbed up the damp rock walls, crouched to pass through low passages, used the stick to clear away weeds, and grabbed at the loose soil beneath me. Eventually, I reached a bright platform where I could look down at the scenery and enjoy the feeling of the wind blowing against me. This time, I didn’t encounter a dragon because this was the adventure story of a novice village. I often went to the back mountain; I loved the unknown, loved adventure, and loved imagining life as a game. My frequent visits allowed me to master the use of the stick to fend off the unknown, as well as to climb skillfully and throw stones to find my way. It was very much like Dungeons and Dragons, wasn’t it?

​	Years passed, and one day I found a book at home called War III. This book described a world of swords and magic. In the back of the book, I found several runes and learned some simple magic. It told me that dragons truly existed and that they awaited my strongest magic and sharpest sword to defeat them. However, not long after, I began to bury my dragon-slaying plans deep within my heart. At that moment, I was an apprentice, no longer that boy on an adventure in the novice village. I had to adhere to a series of rules, such as practicing swordsmanship to participate in the biannual swordsmanship tournaments. In the day-to-day training, the outline of the dragon gradually blurred in my memory. Sometimes I wanted to point my sword at it, but I felt somewhat overconfident. My clumsy swordsmanship was merely an imitation of others, my willpower as fragile as an eggshell, and I was bound by the dogma of the sword academy. I had to fulfill my duties as an apprentice, and it seemed to be the only path. With this thought, my heart gradually calmed down. In my dreams, I came to a burning forest, where the dragon turned its back to me, turned its head, and grinned mockingly at my weakness. In an instant, flames engulfed the entire forest.

​	Later, I successfully became a knight and truly had the ability to slay dragons with my sword. However, contrary to my imagination, the knights of this era had given up hunting monsters. The sea monsters on the nautical maps had been replaced by precise coordinates, and the dragon seemed to have vanished. It felt like I hadn’t dreamed of it for years. Life was normal; I just needed to live according to the dogma, leading a peaceful life day after day. I continued to practice the knight’s way at the knight academy. One day, I came across a rare treasure, an SSS-level item for me—Celeste. This was also a book that told the story of a climber battling a fantastical sacred mountain. The protagonist ultimately climbed to the summit and defeated Celeste Mountain, completing a legendary journey and a personal redemption. I immersed myself in the climber’s experience, and in the second chapter of the story, I was very afraid of the innkeeper, who was a devil chasing me through the heavy snowfall. As the story progressed, I overcame him with courage and determination. Closing the book, I shut my eyes and recalled a mountain from my childhood, where I held a stick searching for dragons. I could feel that the dragon indeed lay within a forest, but before seeing it, I must pass through a teleportation to Sky Island.

​	Magic is different from mere tricks; it transcends the wisdom of the mundane world. To slay a dragon, one must master magic, but not everyone can wield it. I began my own training, first becoming someone capable of writing a magic book. I also wanted to write books like Celeste. This thought made me feel that I was gradually approaching my goal. At the moment of writing this article, the threads of fate were weaving and extending. Whether the dragon-slaying knight would ultimately succeed, or fail to find the dragon, or be burned to ashes by its breath remained unknown. I detached my soul, awaiting the arrival of a conclusion until the end of this story.

<audio controls autoplay>
  <source src="/audios/Dragon.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
  Your browser does not support the audio tag.
</audio>
